README.md, before:

# Working Title MSFS Mods

[![Github All Releases download count](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/total?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/releases)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/graphs/contributors)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/750764704175226992.svg?label=&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2&style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/Fa6w2xK)

## About

This is the home of mods for the new Microsoft Flight Simulator from the Working Title team.  We have a number of projects either in the works or planned.  Here is the status of what is currently being worked on and links to downloadable releases.

Project | Description | Current Version | Documentation
--------|-------------|-----------------|--------------
CJ4 | Performance and avionics improvements for the Citation CJ4 | [v0.4.1](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/releases/tag/cj4-v0.4.1) | [docs](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/tree/main/docs/workingtitle-cj4)
G1000 | Fixes and enhancements for the stock G1000 avionics package | [v0.3.1](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/releases/tag/g1000-v0.3.1) | [docs](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/tree/main/docs/workingtitle-g1000)
GX | Extending to G3000 | in development| |

Commit message:

Release/g3000 v0.2.0 (#281)
* changed emissive logic in xmls for compatibility

AS3000.xml and AS580.xml now query a g3000 mod-specific xmlvar to check if they should set brightness via g3000 touchscreen lighting config or default to vanilla behavior.

* added modelbehaviordefs xml to g3000 directory for now

so package builder can avoid pulling in AS1000.xml

* created g3000-tbm package definition

* improved plane on ground behavior for various map things

* terrain color fixes

* relative terrain mode now colors everything black while on ground

* updated AS3000_MapElement to use enums

* remove debug querystring

* changed g3000 package def to avoid pulling in AS1000.xml

* commented out debugger

* added docs for v0.2.0 prerelease

* changed some code to use template literals

* fixed bug where track vector would update improperly after toggling off/on

* fixed bug with default range behavior in MapInstrument

* updated docs for g3000 v0.2.0 pre-2

* SvgCityManager now uses object instead of Map for 3d points

* changes for longitude compatibility

* updated docs for v0.2.0 release

* fixed g1000 compatibility issue

* fixed TSC UI bug

* fixed bug with map range while showing weather, closes #287

* updated docs

* updated main README with G3000 info

README.md, after:

# Working Title MSFS Mods

[![Github All Releases download count](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/total?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/releases)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/graphs/contributors)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/750764704175226992.svg?label=&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2&style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/Fa6w2xK)

## About

This is the home of mods for the new Microsoft Flight Simulator from the Working Title team.  We have a number of projects either in the works or planned.  Here is the status of what is currently being worked on and links to downloadable releases.

Project | Description | Current Version | Documentation
--------|-------------|-----------------|--------------
CJ4 | Performance and avionics improvements for the Citation CJ4 | [v0.4.1](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/releases/tag/cj4-v0.4.1) | [docs](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/tree/main/docs/workingtitle-cj4)
G1000 | Fixes and enhancements for the stock G1000 avionics package | [v0.3.1](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/releases/tag/g1000-v0.3.1) | [docs](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/tree/main/docs/workingtitle-g1000)
G3000 | Fixes and enhancements for the stock G3000 avionics package | [v0.2.0](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/releases/tag/g3000-v0.2.0) | [docs](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/tree/main/docs/workingtitle-g3000)
GX | Extending to G3000 | in development| |
