docs/workingtitle-g3000/README.md, before:

# Working Title G3000

### Latest version: v0.2.0

### Description
This is a mod for MSFS2020 that aims to improve the in-game G3000. The goal is to bring functionality closer to the real-life G3000, with a focus on both features and layout/UI. Most of development and testing was done with the TBM 930, and the TBM 930 version of the G3000 pilot's guide was used as the primary reference.

This mod was created with cross-compatibility in mind. It modifies the minimum number of base files possible to achieve its goals, so it should be compatible with most other mods, including all other WorkingTitle mods. However, because of the nature of the mod, it will conflict with other mods that make changes to the G3000.

**NOTE:** This version of the mod primarily makes changes to the TBM 930 for now. The Longitude, which also uses the G3000 codebase, will get some of the cosmetic improvements included in the mod (such as updated terrain colors, map font size, etc), but as of now none of the new functionality. We hope to add full compatibility with the Longitude in the future.

### Installation
To install, copy the `workingtitle-g3000` folder from the zip file into your `Community` directory.

### Release Highlights (v0.2.0)
Please refer to the changelog for a more detailed description of updates.

- The G3000 mod is now integrated with the WorkingTitle ecosystem! This has allowed the addition of the following features:
  - Certain G3000 settings (including all newly added ones) are now saved across flights.
  - SVT toggle for the PFD.
  - Altimeter baro units toggle between IN HG and HPA.
- More new navigational map features:
  - Added range ring/range compass overlay.
  - Map zoom behavior now more closely matches the real G3000.
  - Added ability to show track vector, altitude intercept arc, and fuel range ring.
  - Added city display backed by a worldwide 26,000-city database from simplemaps.
  - Toggle between none/absolute/relative terrain modes.
  - Auto-North Up.
- Terrain colors on the navigational map have been changed to better match the real G3000.
- Partial support for the Longitude: cosmetic changes only, no new functionality.
- Bug Fixes:
  - Map scroll is no longer broken in HDG/TRK UP modes.

### Known Issues
- \[PFD\] (Vanilla issue) Co-pilot PFD softkeys are nonfunctional.
- \[NavMap\] (Vanilla issue) The road overlay for the navigational map will sometimes fail to draw roads close to the aircraft, instead prioritizing roads farther away. This usually only happens when the map range is set to large values (>100 NM).
- \[NavMap\] (Vanilla issue) Sometimes airport symbols will not update on the navmap. Zooming in then back out will usually fix it.
- \[NavMap\] At large map ranges (>250 NM), map symbols may not line up correctly with the underlying terrain. This is because the terrain map is projected differently from the symbols. The effect is worse at the edges of the map and also worse at high latitudes.

### Credits
- Custom city database is sourced from simplemaps (simplemaps.com/data/world-cities) under the CC Attribution 4.0 license.

Commit message:

Release/g3000 v0.2.1 (#320)
* fixed INT/airport symbol compat issue with g1000 mod
* performance optimizations
* fixed PFD wind element setting incorrect simvar on init
* fixed PFD wind softkeys not working on ground, closes #313
* fixed compat issue with g1000 mod and obstacle icons, closes #311
* updated docs for g3000 v0.2.1
* updated main readme for latest g3000 release

docs/workingtitle-g3000/README.md, after:

# Working Title G3000

### Latest version: v0.2.1

### Description
This is a mod for MSFS2020 that aims to improve the in-game G3000. The goal is to bring functionality closer to the real-life G3000, with a focus on both features and layout/UI. Most of development and testing was done with the TBM 930, and the TBM 930 version of the G3000 pilot's guide was used as the primary reference.

This mod was created with cross-compatibility in mind. It modifies the minimum number of base files possible to achieve its goals, so it should be compatible with most other mods, including all other WorkingTitle mods. However, because of the nature of the mod, it will conflict with other mods that make changes to the G3000.

**NOTE:** This version of the mod primarily makes changes to the TBM 930 for now. The Longitude, which also uses the G3000 codebase, will get some of the cosmetic improvements included in the mod (such as updated terrain colors, map font size, etc), but as of now none of the new functionality. We hope to add full compatibility with the Longitude in the future.

### Installation
To install, copy the `workingtitle-g3000` folder from the zip file into your `Community` directory.

### Release Highlights (v0.2.1)
Please refer to the changelog for a more detailed description of updates.

- Fixed several compatibility issues with the WT G1000 mod.
- You can now change PFD wind options while on the ground.
- Performance optimizations.

**Highlights for original v0.2.0 release**
- The G3000 mod is now integrated with the WorkingTitle ecosystem! This has allowed the addition of the following features:
  - Certain G3000 settings (including all newly added ones) are now saved across flights.
  - SVT toggle for the PFD.
  - Altimeter baro units toggle between IN HG and HPA.
- More new navigational map features:
  - Added range ring/range compass overlay.
  - Map zoom behavior now more closely matches the real G3000.
  - Added ability to show track vector, altitude intercept arc, and fuel range ring.
  - Added city display backed by a worldwide 26,000-city database from simplemaps.
  - Toggle between none/absolute/relative terrain modes.
  - Auto-North Up.
- Terrain colors on the navigational map have been changed to better match the real G3000.
- Partial support for the Longitude: cosmetic changes only, no new functionality.
- Bug Fixes:
  - Map scroll is no longer broken in HDG/TRK UP modes.

### Known Issues
- \[PFD\] (Vanilla issue) Co-pilot PFD softkeys are nonfunctional.
- \[NavMap\] (Vanilla issue) The road overlay for the navigational map will sometimes fail to draw roads close to the aircraft, instead prioritizing roads farther away. This usually only happens when the map range is set to large values (>100 NM).
- \[NavMap\] (Vanilla issue) Sometimes airport symbols will not update on the navmap. Zooming in then back out will usually fix it.
- \[NavMap\] At large map ranges (>250 NM), map symbols may not line up correctly with the underlying terrain. This is because the terrain map is projected differently from the symbols. The effect is worse at the edges of the map and also worse at high latitudes.

### Credits
- Custom city database is sourced from simplemaps (simplemaps.com/data/world-cities) under the CC Attribution 4.0 license.
